Your punch
Do I still want my face?
Then I'll be a turtle
You crippled
You hit me
So take a look.
This person is called Chen Xiaodao
It's for money, no money.
Status but no status
Do you want the ability or not?
Still a cripple
Ouch, that's the kind of person
He also wants to marry the most beautiful female head office in Binhai
Do you think he is worthy?
Is Mr. Sun crazy?
We Binhai
He doesn't want so many outstanding aristocratic children
It's useless to have to marry this
Waste of nothing
I don't understand.
If you can't get Mr. Sun, what's the handle in this kid?
How could I possibly agree to this marriage?
Mr. Gao's proposal gift arrives
Gao Mingyu, what do you want to do, Ruoxue?
I'm going to ask you to marry me!
Phoenix Dragon King moves a Ferrari luxury car
Gao's Group 30% share transfer book value 30 billion
In order to pursue Sun Ruoxue
Hurry up and go down, blood money
Mr. Sun and Gao Ming are a pair of men and women
Mr. Sun, what are you hesitating about?
Look how rich Gao is!
Marry him now
Marry him! Marry him!
Marry him marry liu
I said you dogs look at people's low things
In your eyes, he is a great figure
He's nothing to me
Yes, are you crazy?